.github/instructions/project-context.instructions.md, before:

---
applyTo: '**'
---

This project is for developing a tampermonkey script that enhance the functionality of the forum powered by Xenforo: voz.vn

Tech stack:

- pnpm
- typescript
- solidjs
- vite
- tampermonkey
- css modules (support by vite)

We modify the build step to always output a single script, all of the assets are bundled into the script (css, js).

- Our extension will provide custom features for the forum, such as:
  - Custom stickers
  - Custom themes
- For custom features that show some UI, we use solidjs to build the UI. Always try to match the current color themes (utilizing predefined css variable from the root `index.css`) and maintain a clean and aesthetic design.
- We should prefer extracting the UI components into reusable components, make our code more modular and maintainable. Also ensure the conssistency of the UI across different features.

## SolidJS notes:

- For conditional rendering, always use the <Show /> component instead of ternary operator.
- For conditional class names, use the `classList` prop instead of string concatenation.

Commit message:

feat: Implement tabbed UI for sticker settings and collections
- Added a new Tabs component for organizing sticker collections into tabs.
- Updated StickerSetting component to utilize the new Tabs component, replacing the previous list view.
- Enhanced Stickers component to support tabbed navigation for collections.
- Refactored styles for the new tabbed UI, ensuring responsive design and improved aesthetics.
- Created example usage of the Tabs component with various configurations in TabsExample.
- Updated documentation to include details about the new Tabs component and its usage.

.github/instructions/project-context.instructions.md, after:

---
applyTo: '**'
---

This project is for developing a tampermonkey script that enhance the functionality of the forum powered by Xenforo: voz.vn

Tech stack:

- pnpm
- typescript
- solidjs
- vite
- tampermonkey
- css modules (support by vite)

We modify the build step to always output a single script, all of the assets are bundled into the script (css, js).

- Our extension will provide custom features for the forum, such as:
  - Custom stickers
  - Custom themes
- For custom features that show some UI, we use solidjs to build the UI. Always try to match the current color themes (utilizing predefined css variable from the root `index.css`) and maintain a clean and aesthetic design.
- We should prefer extracting the UI components into reusable components, make our code more modular and maintainable. Also ensure the conssistency of the UI across different features.
- Don't create too many variants for a reusable component, only create variants that we acctually use in the project.

## SolidJS notes:

- For conditional rendering, always use the <Show /> component instead of ternary operator.
- For conditional class names, use the `classList` prop instead of string concatenation.
